RB-5 Batch Release (#54)
unit-finance/unit-ruby-sdk: README.md

## Usage

>  Bellow are a few examples of the Ruby SDK application. For full documentation of the Unit API please refer to the full documentation at https://docs.unit.co/

Reviewer: @asaf400 I'd change this to 
Bellow are a few usage examples of Unit's Ruby SDK. For full documentation of Unit's API please refer to the full documentation at https://docs.unit.co/

Or add a Documentation section like the python sdk

>  Bellow are a few examples of the Ruby SDK application. For full documentation of the Unit API please refer to the full documentation at https://docs.unit.co/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bellow are a few usage examples of Unit's Ruby SDK. For full documentation of Unit's API please refer to the full documentation at https://docs.unit.co/
```
